docs:#632 single quotes around passwords (#922)
redpanda-data/documentation: docs/platform/security/sasl-kubernetes.mdx

    enabled: true
    users:
      - name: admin
        password: `changeme`
```

:::note notes
- In this YAML document, `users` is a list of superusers.

> - Passwords are in single quotes for potential special characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Passwords are in single quotes to avoid conflicts with special characters. Enclosing characters in single quotes preserves the literal value of each character.
```
